[Smoke tests] Adapt tests for macOS and Linux (#1173)
microsoft/vscode-react-native: test/smoke/docs/run-locally.md

# Running automated smoke tests locally

Tests supports running on **Windows 10**, **MacOS Catalina** and **Ubuntu 18.04** machines. Use instructions respected to your machine type.
Please, be aware that automated tests doesn't cover debugging cases on a real devices - only emulators/simulators.

## Prerequisites

Make sure you are on `Node.JS 10.x`.

> Tests work with the VS Code repository during preparation stage so, make sure that [instructions for building VS Code from sources](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode/wiki/How-to-Contribute#prerequisites) are completed.

Author: ```suggestion
Tests require build tools that are needed for VS Code to be installed before the tests. Make sure that [instructions for building VS Code from sources](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode/wiki/How-to-Contribute#prerequisites) are completed.
```

> Tests require build tools that are needed for VS Code to be installed before the tests. Make sure that [instructions for building VS Code from sources](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode/wiki/How-to-Contribute#prerequisites) are completed.

Author: ```suggestion

Tests require build tools that are needed for VS Code to be installed before the tests. Make sure that [instructions for building VS Code from sources](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode/wiki/How-to-Contribute#prerequisites) are completed.
```
